Reviews core terms (#1794)
temporalio/documentation: docs/php/workflows.md

yield Workflow::await(fn() => $done);
```

> You can not use any activity, timer or Child Workflow invocation inside `await` or `awaitWithTimeout` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot use any Activity, timer, or Child Workflow invocations inside the `await` or `awaitWithTimeout` method.
```

## Starting Workflows

> Workflows can be started both synchronously and asynchronously. You can use typed or untyped workflows stubs available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflows can be started both synchronously and asynchronously.
You can use typed or untyped workflows stubs available via `Temporal\Client\WorkflowClient`.
```

> via `Temporal\Client\WorkflowClient`. To create a Workflow Client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Workflow Client:
```

A Synchronous start initiates a Workflow and then waits for its completion. The started Workflow will not rely on the
invocation process and will continue executing even if the waiting process crashes or stops.

> Make sure to acquire Workflow interface or class name you want to start. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to acquire the Workflow interface or class name you want to start.
For example:
```

}
```

> To start such Workflow in sync mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the Workflow in sync mode:
```

An asynchronous start initiates a Workflow Execution and immediately returns to the caller without waiting for a result.
This is the most common way to start Workflows in a live environment.

> To start a Workflow asynchronously pass Workflow stub instance and start parameters into `WorkflowClient`->`start`
> method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a Workflow asynchronously, pass the Workflow stub instance and start parameters into the `WorkflowClient->start` method.
```

$run = $this->workflowClient->start($accountTransfer, 'fromID', 'toID', 'refID', 1000);
```

> Once started you can receive Workflow Id and run ID via `WorkflowRun` object returned by start method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When started, you can receive the Workflow Id and Run Id via the `WorkflowRun` object returned by the `start` method:
```

var_dump($run->getResult());
```

> You can always connect to existing Workflow and wait for its completion from another process using Workflow id. Use
> `WorkflowClient`->`newUntypedRunningWorkflowStub` for such purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can always connect to an existing Workflow and wait for its completion from another process by using Workflow Id.
Use `WorkflowClient->newUntypedRunningWorkflowStub` for such purposes.
```

Let's take a look at each component of this call.

Before calling `$child->workflowMethod()`, you must configure `ChildWorkflowOptions` for the invocation.

> These options customize various execution timeouts, and are passed into the Workflow stub defined by the `Workflow::newChildWorkflowStub`.
> Once the is stub created you can invoke its Workflow method based on attribute `WorkflowMethod`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These options customize various execution timeouts and are passed into the Workflow stub defined by the `Workflow::newChildWorkflowStub`.
After the stub is created, you can invoke its Workflow method based on the `WorkflowMethod` attribute.
```
